User Stories:

Make A New Directory
As a user, when I execute the command mkdir, a new directory
should be made within the directory I am currently in. Alternatively
I should be able to make directories given a location starting
from the directory I am currently in. This will not take long to implement as
we will be adding a directory object to target location defaulted at where
the command is entered. (3 hours)

Change The Current Directory
As a user, when I execute the command cd, the current directory I reside in
should be changed to the location given after cd. There should be some
shortcuts when this command is called, such as ".." and "-". This will be a
quick implement as the current node will just change to target location. (3 hours)

Listing The Contents Of A Directory
As a user, when I execute the command ls, the contents of the directory I
am currently in should be displayed. The ls command should also be able to
display the contents of another directory given the file location, starting
from the directory I am currently in. This command will not take long to
implement as it would just require a call to the getter of a directory object. (2 hours)


As a user, I should be able to see all the commands I have used during the session. 2 Hours.

As a user, I should be able to see the last n commands I have used. 1 hour.

As a user, I should be able to output the contents of one or more files to the shell. 3 hours.

As a user, I should be able to exit the program as I wish. (2 hours)

As a user, I should have access to see what a command does (documentation). (1 day)

As a user, I should be able to standard output (display) a line of text. (1 day)

As a user, I should be able to see the path of the current working directory. (1 day)

As a user, I should be able to save the current working directory onto the directory stack and then change to a new working directory. (2 days)

As a user, I should be able to remove the top entry from the directory stack and make it the working directory. (2 hours)
